Does anybody love Jesus in the house this morning?
Well, I'm actually one more time.
Oh.
Can we just take a moment and praise God for His goodness?
Then He's just a great God.
You guys enjoyed the video we just saw.
All right, God is good.
And all of the time?
You got it, you got it, you got it.
I want to take a moment and look into the camera and welcome all of our campuses
Everyone that's joining us online, all of our men and women, and the correctional facilities, we love you all so, so very much.
Hollins, we put our hands together and welcome everyone that's joining us this morning.
Come on, Hollins, we can do better now.
That's a good question.
I hadn't had a chance to meet you yet.
My name is Jamil Gillian, our service to what line campus pastor here at Hollins.
Come on, I'm excited.
And if you don't know much about me, I've been here for going on a little over 10 years now, and I'm just excited to be with you all.
I got the opportunity and the privilege to be with my lovely wife of 24 years.
She's in the service today.
I love you, baby.
And it won me some points right there.
I'm telling you right now.
And we have two daughters.
Our oldest daughter is Jamaya.
She's 21.
going on 51.
I don't know if anybody got that older.
She tries to be the boss of the house.
And she's actually a cheerleader at Auburn University.
And so we're really proud of her.
All right.
Come on.
So I'm excited.
And then my youngest daughter, who's also with me, Jalen, she's a senior.
She says, a rising senior.
She's a rising senior at Thompson High School.
She's on the dance team.
So we're excited that she's here with us today as well.
And yeah, that means I'm officially I'm a girl's dad.
And that means I need lots of prayer and a part-time job.
I'm just telling you right now.
Cheer and dance and stuff starts adding up.
But no, I'm excited with you all today.
It's an honor to be with you all.
I want to take a moment to give honor where honors do.
I want to take a moment to honor our lead pastor, Pastor Mark Pettis.
Not only just for his spiritual covering, but just for his commitment to always point us to Jesus, regardless of what we're facing.
Can we put our hands together, just honor Pastor Mark and his family.
We love you.
We praise God for your leadership.
I'm really excited to be a part of this message series called The Goodness of God.
You guys been enjoying the message series so far?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know I have.
And really, throughout this series, we've been able to really not only see but also experience and share the goodness of God throughout each message.
And it's just been a great, great message series.
And with this message series, we're understanding that God's goodness isn't only to be explained, but it's to be experienced.
And our theme verse in this entire message series really allows us to be invited into that experience.
Now, I think verses Psalms 34, verse eight.
It simply says this, taste and see that the Lord is good.
Blessed is the one who takes refuge in him.
And each week we've been able to just take various aspects of Jesus and really see his goodness revealed.
Last week, Pastor Mark, in part five of the mystery, he taught us that Jesus grew.
I strongly encourage you to go back and watch that message.
If you missed it, it was a phenomenal message.
What I'm going to share with you today, I think, is an aspect of Jesus that's needed now more than ever.
And before I dive into our topic today, I want to just start by asking this question.
Has anyone ever turned in an assignment that you thought you did good on until you got the results back in the surprise?
Anybody, any students here that you are?
Yeah, I never forget, I was in school, I had a math assignment.
Like I love math, love math.
Math is one of those subjects that it's not subjective, right?
It's not subjective, it's objective.
You able to, if you have the right formula, now you need the right formula.
You have the right formula, then you should be able to get the questions right.
And it's, math even has it where if you work the problem backwards, you can almost even check your answers.
So I never forget I was turning this math assignment in, and my mom was asking me like, hey,
You know, Jamil, do you feel good about your math or something?
Like, oh, yes, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
I was able to go complete all the questions.
I even worked the questions backwards, so I was able to check my answers.
Like, Mom, in fact, they're probably going to use mine as the answer key for everybody else.
Like, this should bring my grade up to an overall A. I feel really good about it.
And so the teacher had the time when we turned into the assignment.
You know, you feel really good about yourself.
You're kind of walking with your chest out a little bit.
Had my assignment in my hand.
And when you know yours is right, I don't know why I do this.
You kind of blocked your sheets of no one else can see your answers.
You know what I'm talking about?
I don't know if anybody else out there like me.
I'm like, look, I worked really hard on these answers.
I'm not going to let anybody look at them.
So I'm walking all up there to the desk, covering my answers a little bit, laying on the teacher's desk.
And I'm like, all right, you can put it in the books.
That was going to be an A.
He says, all right.
Well, y'all.
The next day, I want to receive my assignment.
And I had a 50.
I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Time out, time out.
Surely this is a mistake.
I got all the questions right.
I know it.
I even worked it backwards to check my answers.
Something must, you must have missed something.
She said, well, well, no.
And so I said, well, tell me how is it that I was able to complete all the answers, but I still made a 50.
And she says, well, Jamil, you did all the questions right on this side of the page.
And y'all, she turned it over.
She said, but you didn't even attempt to answer the questions on the other side of the page.
There was another part of the assignment that you expected to complete that you missed.
And y'all, I felt so bad.
Not only because I had a 50, and she said, I had to give you a 50.
I'm like, did you have to?
Maybe there's some extra credit or something we can work out through here.
I feel so bad, not only because I had a 50, but also because there was another side of the page that had, and a part of the assignment that I was expected to complete that I wasn't aware of.
When I think about our walk with Jesus, I think a lot of times we may come in and just kind of feel like, well, you know what?
As long as I believe, I'm good.
As long as I have faith, there should be all that Jesus is expecting of me, right?
Well, I'm gonna tell you like my math teacher told me,
There's another side of the page that you may not be aware of.
There's another side of the page that I wanna make sure that we're mindful of.
And I'll say this, what's on the other side of the page is one of the ways that God's goodness is shared the most.
It's a part of Jesus that I love so much about him.
That leads us to our title and our topic this morning.
And that is Jesus serves.
I'm gonna return to the person beside you and tell them to say, let's be like Jesus, let's be like Jesus.
Turn to the person that's your second choice, tell him you need to be just a little bit more like him.
Just a little bit, just a little bit more.
Just a little bit more.
You know, James warns us about the other side of the page.
He wanted to make sure that we weren't oblivious to the fact that our faith alone was just gonna be enough here for our assignment on Earth.
He wanted to make sure that we were aware that there was something else on the side of the page that we simply can't ignore.
You have your Bibles on the Acts that you turn with me to James chapter two, we'll be reading verses 14 and 17.
And it says this, what good is it dear brothers and sisters, if you say you have faith, but do not show it with your actions.
Can that kind of faith save anyone?
Suppose you see a brother or sister who has no food or clothing and you say goodbye and have a good day.
Stay warm and eat well.
But then you don't give that person any food or clothing.
What good does that do?
So you see faith by itself isn't enough.
Unless it produces good deeds, it is dead and useless.
James is saying, what's the use of your faith?
There's no action of service.
What good is it that you believe if you're not willing to serve?
I think sometimes we'll have people, you know, the belief part is easy.
The action part, the action to serve sometimes is the challenge.
And people like that, you're here to say this.
I said, well, you know, God knows my heart.
Now, they'll ever see people say that or hear people say that.
But sorry now, I was put the hand on their heart when they said it, well, you know, God knows my heart.
That's their way of saying, look, I'm gonna believe, but I'm not about to do anything about it.
And I'll say this, God knows your heart, but he also watches your hands.
It's your action to serve that makes the difference.
It's your action that serves that helps people be able to see that they can still find a way through.
It's your action to serve that helps people see that they still have hope.
It's your action that serves that provides just a little bit of a glimpse of light to people in their darkness.
It's our action to serve that makes a difference.
And in fact, I would say James would probably say that without your action of service, he says your faith is dead.
James was extreme with it.
He says faith is almost useless if there's no action to serve.
If this was a math problem on the other side of the page, I think it will look a little bit like this.
Faith minus action of service equals dead faith.
And dead faith conceals Jesus.
Dead faith exists you and God.
It's like I believe and I'm gonna keep my action to myself.
I believe and I'm not gonna serve other.
So it's just really me and God, but Jesus isn't being reached to other people through that.
James says, that's dead faith.
Dead faith conceals Jesus.
But if that's true, then so is the opposite side of that equation.
I told you I love math if you have the right form, all right?
The other side of that says that faith plus action of service equals living faith.
Another way you can say it's active faith and it's living faith that reaches out to others just beyond you.
And it's living faith that reveals Jesus.
Here's what I've learned.
It's hard to use dead faith to reveal a living God.
And we're living in a world and we're living in a time where there are people that are lost and they're wanting to see and experience a loving and a living God at work on the inside of us.
I think it's living faith that's needed now more than ever before.
So I wonder why, I wonder why we would guard goodness that was intended to be given away.
I wonder why we would guard what was intended to be shared.
I think it's very easy to drift into a poem, but we're completely consumed with our own personal self-interest, completely consumed by our own significance.
And if we're not careful, we can find ourself completely immersed in our own significance in the world rather than focusing on our service to the world.
Jesus warns the disciples about this as well.
Have your Bibles turned with me to Mark chapter 9, verses 33 and 35.
It's not just our culture that struggles with this, the cycle struggled with it as well.
Listen to this.
They came to Capernaum when he was in the house, he being Jesus.
He asked them, what were you arguing about on the road?
But they kept quiet because on the way they had argued about who was the greatest.
Sitting down, Jesus called the 12 and he said, anyone who wants to be first must be the very last and the servant of all.
Jesus was teaching them a lesson that if you're gonna be great in the kingdom of God, you must be a servant.
And a servant puts others first.
I'm sure the disciples probably think, well, how?
I don't know how that's gonna work, Jesus.
How is putting other first gonna make me great?
I'm sure the disciples are like, I wanna be the goat.
The greatest of all time.
How is putting others ahead of me gonna make me great?
I'm sure Jesus' response to that would have been, are you trying to build you?
Or are you trying to build a kingdom?
See, they thought, look, if I'm not first, then I won't be significant.
They thought if I didn't focus on their position that they wouldn't have a great status in the kingdom.
Jesus, wait, wait, time out.
You're looking at this all wrong.
That just because you're being selfless doesn't mean that you're less significant or less successful.
And just because you're putting others first don't mean your spiritual position and power in the kingdom is last.
He said, could it be?
Could it be that Christ gave you the spiritual power because He was expecting you to be in the servant's position?
And He was expecting you to take what He's given you to serve those around you.
That's why you have the power to speak things that aren't as though they are.
That's why you have the authority to pray for the sick and they get well.
That's why you have the anointing to prophesy with dry bones and cause them to live again.
It wasn't to build you, it was to build the kingdom.
Yeah, it was to build the kingdom.
Jesus knew we were called to serve.
He's even equipped us to serve.
I love that every week we're looking at a story in the life of Jesus to see what Jesus does.
And here in the Gospel of Mark, Jesus shows us the way.
So Mark chapter 10, verse 45, he says this, for even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve and to give his life as a ransom
for many.
This statement likely shocked the disciples.
It wasn't so much what Jesus said.
It was when he said it.
Jesus said this statement in a time where the world, the culture was so divided, there were so many barriers that existed among the people during that time.
You had cultural barriers, you had social class barriers, you had political and religious barriers.
And they thought he maybe would have said something different with all the division and all the barriers that were there.
They thought that maybe he would have said that he came from heaven to show them who's boss.
After all, it was fully God, he was fully man.
I thought that maybe he could have said that he came from heaven to force everybody to see it his way and to overthrow everyone who didn't agree with him.
After all, he had angels at his command to do whatever he desired.
At the very least,
at the very least, they thought that maybe he would say that he came to judge everybody who was wrong.
But he didn't.
He said something different.
He said that he came to serve.
What if he wanted the disciples to know that he came not only for the ransom of their sins for salvation, but obviously, let me say this way, actually to provide a demonstration.
with a part of the assignment that they thought that they probably wasn't aware of.
And that was to serve.
That it wasn't just as a ransom of sins for salvation, but it was also to provide a demonstration of the power of the act of service.
He knew that it wasn't going to be your faith alone that reached the nation so that more people would know them.
He knew it wasn't going to be just your memorization of scripture alone that would provide hope and peace during troubled times so that people wouldn't know to trust Him.
He knew that it wasn't going to be your church attendance alone.
That would allow people to be able to draw closer to God in days of division.
But rather he knew it would be your action to serve that would bring people together from all walks of life to glorify God and to lift up the name that's above every other name, which is the name of Jesus Christ.
It's gonna be your action to serve let people know that Jesus is for everybody.
It's for everybody.
It's gonna be your action to serve that will reveal this.
But watch this.
Jesus reveals the goodness of God not by demanding service, but he does it by offering it.
Jesus shows us that serving is a position of significance and that everyone's life can be significant because anyone is capable of serving.
I think there's four things that I would love for us to know that when we serve that occurs.
So if you have your notes, I would love for you to jot some of these down.
The first thing that we see is that serving shows God's character.
Serving shows God's character.
So much of Jesus' character is seen when we serve.
In John 13, verses 14 and 15, the team will put on the screen.
It says this, and since I, your Lord and teacher have washed your feet, you ought to wash each other's feet.
I have given you an example to follow.
So do is I have done to you.
Jesus reveals God's goodness through serving.
And he wanted his disciples to reflect what he revealed.
So he says, I need you to go out and do what I just did for you.
And I've given you an example
to follow, I give you a model to take after.
And he says this later on in the same chapter verse 35, it says this, and by this, everyone, everybody say everyone.
Everyone will know that you are my disciples if you love one another.
For Jesus is saying, listen, by serving others in love, people will know that you belong to me.
By serving others, people will know that I am associated and affiliated with you.
by serving others, people will know that you're mine, that you're my disciples.
And I would just say this, that when we serve others, we resemble Christ the most.
Well, just that one access question, anyone ever had a child, let me say it this way, have you ever had a child whose father's characteristics are so strong that you can easily tell who their daddy is?
Anybody?
Yeah?
If I had seen someone and they're like, yup, I know who child that is, right?
They look maybe just look just like them or act just like them.
Sometimes they have such distinguishing features, such strong characteristics that there's no denying who child they are and who their daddy is, right?
I know just growing up we would see like, oh yeah, that's Billy Sun right there.
You can tell by the shape of his head, that's Billy's boy right there.
Both of them have heads just like that.
We were growing up in a rain, we got a rain.
Y'all all those are rain shields, and they walk just like, and they all bowlegged, just like they daddy it.
Some of your kids have features that look just like you, even when you check your kids out of Holland's kids, they only got a check for the sticker.
Like, yep, yep, that's their daddy, they're good, you can just let them go on through.
So I have two girls, and for the most part, mine, they just say, hey, he has his eyes.
Everything else is just like they momma, praise God for that, praise God for that.
But I'll say that they basically get to a point that says there's no denying who their father is.
You can tell by the characteristics of the child.
And I'll just say this church that when we serve, the world takes notice and they say there's no denying it.
Those are God's children.
The way they put others first, they're just like their daddy.
The way they serve the needs of others, they're just like their daddy.
The way they visit the sick and feed the homeless, they're just like their daddy.
The way they throw an unfailing love of the world with unconditional love, they're just like their daddy.
There's no denying.
Those are God's children.
They're just like their Heavenly Father.
Let it be said of us.
The way we love and the way we serve that the world says, you know what?
Those are Jesus's kids.
You know what, the way they look for others and the way they see the hurt of knees around them?
That reminds me of Jesus.
Let it be that we're just like our Heavenly Father.
When we serve, serving shows, God's character.
The other thing that serving does is it shares God's goodness, shares God's goodness.
God's goodness is best seen when it's shared and it's shared most when we serve.
I'll say this that when we serve, it follows the great command.
Great Command is in Matthew, chapter 22, verses 37 and 39.
It says this, Jesus replied, love the Lord your God with all of your heart, with all of your soul and with all of your mind.
This is the first and greatest commandment and the second is like it, to love your neighbor as yourself.
When we fulfill the great command, it's really the love of the Savior reaching out through us.
And I wanna challenge each of us, this week, each of us, this week,
buying someone else this week to serve.
Just one.
Got all week, but serve someone.
Put someone else first, just this week.
I want to challenge this all this week.
And I don't want to be your kids.
I know some of you all may say, well, you know what?
I've been serving these kids all week.
They're my kids.
The Lord knows my heart.
No, find someone else to serve.
There's so many ways to serve others.
We all have goodness of God that we can share with others around us.
get served by visiting a local nursing home, serving food at a nearby shelter.
You can give a gift basket to local first responders.
You can even write an encouraging note to someone that just may feel a little unappreciated.
I know we're here at Woodline recently.
We had an opportunity.
We served a school.
We served a school with gift cards for them to come and be a part of our motion experience for some of our students that were there.
And it was just a beautiful picture.
But we didn't just allow our church to do it.
Y'all, we as a staff, we serve.
Our woodland staff, we serve.
And we actually served a ministry in the Birmingham area called the Love Lady Center.
And it's just a phenomenal ministry.
It really is.
And I remember our team, we all went down there and we served food in the kitchen.
I think I brought the picture up.
Like, your boy got your hair net on.
I got gloves.
And I asked them to let me cook, but they didn't let me cook.
They just let me serve.
But we were so excited to be able to serve the
The lovely ladies there.
And it was a powerful moment.
We were just trying to be the hands and feet of Jesus.
One of our teams served food.
The other team of ours, they actually made food boxes.
They were giving food boxes to families and vehicles.
They were passing through.
I'll just say, there's so many creative ways to serve.
I just want to encourage you to be a part of it.
Be a part of making a difference in our world.
And I'll ask you just, in fact, we put on our Hollands app today just some creative ways that you can put others first.
We put on the highlands app, not only some creative ways to put others first, but also some helpful tips for serving well.
And I'll just say this, that I'm praying and I'm believing that this week will be a week where we're just able to put lots of touches of God's goodness, pointing people to a great God.
And let me also say this, that serving in your community isn't the only way you can serve.
You can serve your church.
So today, right today, we have step two at every location.
where you can discover your gifts.
And the next Sunday, you can actually put those gifts to you so people can see God's fitness through you when they come and attend church services.
But I just would love to make sure that we are pointing people to a great God.
Because when we go and we serve others in prison, we're not just serving people in prison.
We're giving them Jesus.
When we go and serve a single mom in a neighborhood, we're not just spending time with her.
We're letting her know that Jesus hasn't forgotten about her.
We spend time with the kid just encouraging them.
We're letting them know that hope is still possible.
When we serve a meal at a shelter, we're not just serving the meal, we're letting them know that Jesus will always make a way.
It's not about us, it's about Jesus.
It's not about, let me say it this way, it's not about our recognition, it's about being His reflection.
Just want people to see Jesus.
So the other thing serving does is spreads the gospel message.
spreads the gospel message.
You know, serving is what I would call a universal love language.
No matter where you go all over the country, if you serve, people understand what it means.
It helps us to feel the great commission.
Matthew 28, 19, verse 20 says this, therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Teaching them to obey everything that I have commanded you.
And surely I'm with you always, until the very end.
of the age.
The reason I love this so much and reason serving is so important because the great commission can't be fulfilled without the great command being followed.
That we have to love.
That's what I love so much about our lead pastor and our founding pastor and our church.
We don't guard God's goodness, but we give it away until all have tasted and seen the goodness of God.
We give it away.
Let that be our legacy that we don't only look to serve us, but we look to serve others.
You know, one of the things that I've seen is through your giving, we've been able to spread the gospel all over the world.
I've asked the team if they'll put something on the screen here to give you a little bit of context to that, but we've recently trained over 450 liters in Europe.
They were basically coming from 12 different countries representing 90 churches.
And through art, we have successfully planted 1,185 churches.
We're spreading the gospel so that more people can taste and see God's goodness.
Serving is our response to God's goodness.
It's not a requirement to earn it.
But we spread the gospel whenever we serve.
And the fourth point I want us to be mindful of is that serving satisfies the expectation of our earthly assignment.
You know, when we get ready to turn in our assignment, the Lord doesn't say, great job, Church of Tender.
Let me say that.
He doesn't even say, hey, way to go, prayer and assessor.
Let's look what he says, Matthew 25, 23.
He says, well done, good and faithful servant.
You know, when we serve people, people don't just hear about God's goodness, they experience it firsthand.
And that's what I love so much about our churches.
We're a church that we understand as another side of the page of our assignment.
And we embrace servant.
In fact, we have outreach teams at every location.
In fact, I want to just take a moment and honor everybody who serves on our outreach team, all of our leaders and directors.
We put our hands together, church, and they do it every month.
Thank you.
Here's what we've been able to accomplish together as a church.
Just year to date, Max's team that put the photo on the screen.
188,087 meals served.
1,006 home repairs have already been successfully completed.
4,463 kids have been successfully served in schools, and 2,983 serve opportunities have been completed through the serve out.
But listen, that's not the best of all, best news of all.
Wait for this, watch this.
That as of today, we've had 1,928 people give their life to Jesus through serving.
I'm gonna say it again, 1,928 people.
Come on, somebody.
Thank you, Jesus.
Look, I've done the math.
Watch that.
That means for every 98 meals given, somebody got saved.
For every four kids we reach in the school, someone got saved.
For every two home repairs that we completed, someone got saved.
For every two serve opportunities that were done through the serve app.
Somebody got, in every neighborhood we went into, somebody got, when we serve people get, when we serve people get,
Come on, somebody, wait, sir, people get saved.
People get saved.
You know, that's the numbers to you.
Every number's a name.
Every name is a story of God's goodness.
Before I close, I want to share one story of someone that I'm no person whose life is.
drastically changed through serving others.
You know, a couple of years ago, we were aware that crime had increased in the city of Birmingham.
And through your giving, Birmingham Dream Center, we started an inner city basketball league for middle school and high school students.
We were just really trying to give away God's goodness for the kids in the area.
One of those kids that we met in one of those neighborhoods, his name was Antonio Fairfax.
In fact, I'm actually a team that puts the foot on the screen.
Antonio's a young man with a ball in his hands.
Antonio certainly had his share of storms.
During that time, Antonio lives in a pretty rough neighborhood.
Antonio had the responsibility of even raising, having to help raise some of his siblings.
And here lately, Antonio lost his sister to gun violence.
And they're drive by shooting.
And it left her little boy for the family to have to figure out how to help raise him, his little nephew.
Shortly after that, Antonio's another sibling was arrested and sent to prison.
He's had to share storms.
But through the basketball league, small groups, there were people that would go to the community centers every week.
Encouraging people.
bringing some pizza to sharing God's word, just simply trying to be the hands and feet of Jesus.
And every time they would come, Antonio began to build relationships with the guys.
Slowly but surely, he began to see just a little bit of a glimpse of Jesus.
Not long after that, Antonio began coming to the church.
And y'all, he gave his life to Jesus.
Y'all, he got water baptized, and we got a picture of that.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
His story doesn't stop there.
He goes on, completes the growth track, and he joins the dream team, and he joins the outreach team.
And guess what he does?
He goes back into the same area and gives away God's goodness and reads similar communities like he was reached in.
Yeah.
But what he discovered was a God who had a plan and purpose for his life instead.
Tony O'Feller led to be in ministry, y'all.
Beautiful part of his story.
And y'all, he was accepted into Hollins College.
And then he was the first in his family to graduate.
Y'all put the pitch on the screen.
Look at the goodness of God.
If you want to know why he's smiling, it's because he's tasted and seen God's goodness.
He's tasted a danger who won't let him down.
He's tasted purpose that gave him strength in the storm.
He experienced peace.
That's the passage of all understanding.
Y'all, we know there's another side of the page.
Let's be just like our daddy and serve.
Let's serve into more students like Antonio, see God's goodness.
Let's serve into whole floods and streets in our city.
Let's serve into there's every stronghold being broken off of this generation.
Let's serve it to the crime rates and our city go down.
Let's serve it to every kid knows the love of the Father.
Y'all, we got a world to reap.
We got a generation to revive.
We got a mandate to uphold.
Let's be just like Jesus and serve.
Let's serve.
Don't take much.
I don't know who's here today.
But if I had to put this message in a single sentence, it would be this, when we serve, goodness is shared, and Jesus is seen.
Right now, every head bowed and every I close is prepared to close.
I'm gonna invite our campus pastors to come on stage.
You know, you may have never received Jesus as your Lord and Savior,
I want you to know this, that he served you and hopes that you will let him save you.
He went to the cross, died with a chance that maybe you would be willing to receive him.
I'm gonna give you an invitation today to come, taste, and see.
And just like Antonio, what you'll find is that we indeed serve a good God.
Every eye closed, every head bowed, you're here today, and you're willing to choose Him.
I want you to raise your hand on the count of three.
One, two, three.
Anyone here?
Look at God.
I'm so proud of you.
Oh, am I seeing you in the back?
Anyone else?
He's available.
You're choosing?
He's been serving you your whole life, hoping that you will let Him save you.
Are you going to slip your hands down?
And I'm going to say a very simple prayer.
but it is a powerful one that allows Jesus into your heart.
You can repeat after me or you can say your own words, I just ask you to speak from your heart.
Say something like this, Jesus, thank you so much for your love that you have to me.
Please forgive me for living my life without you, thinking I didn't need you.
Be honest, forgive me for not trusting me.
God, here I am.
I know now that I need a Savior.
But I believe that you are the Son of God.
I believe that you died and that you rose again and that you still live.
So now I'll open my heart to you.
And I declare you to be my Lord and my Savior.
Come into my life.
Show me how to stand for you.
Teach me how to serve you.
And I will follow you all the days of my life.
Tell them this, I'm yours.
No turning back.
Every head continue to be bowed and every
I close, I want to just pray for us all.
So Lord God, right now, we thank You for being a God who still serves.
We ask, Lord God, that You help us to be able to know how to share Your goodness.
Help us, Lord God, to be able to know how to show Your character.
Help us to be able to spread Your message everywhere that we go.
May it be said of us that we serve in love, just like our Father in heaven.
And God, when our time on earth is up,
We turn in our life to Simon.
May we hear the beautiful words, well done, good and faithful servant.
We love you and we trust you and thank you for being a God who continues to serve.
You have given us a model that we'll all follow.
We pray and ask all of these things in Jesus' mighty name we pray and all of God's people that agree said together, can we put our hands together separate with the Lord who's done here this morning church?